
A Hebrew - English Bible
According to the Masoretic Text
and the JPS 1917 Edition

(c) 2018 all rights reserved to Mechon Mamre for this HTML version
http://www.mechon-mamre.org/                ptzip@mechon-mamre.org


The JPS Bible for the Palm Pilot (English only) at
http://www.mechon-mamre.org/pdbjps.htm


Contents in Original Hebrew Bible Order:

Torah - Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy

Prophets - Joshua, Judges, Samuel, Kings, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel,
Hosea, Joel, Amos, Obadiah, Jonah, Micah, Nahum, Habakkuk, Zephaniah,
Haggai, Zechariah, Malachi

Writings - Chronicles, Psalms, Job, Proverbs, Ruth, Song of Songs,
Ecclesiastes, Lamentations, Esther, Daniel, Ezra / Nehemiah

Book-by-book printer-friendly version

Preface to the JPS 1917 Edition

The English text in this HTML edition of the Hebrew Bible is based on
the electronic text (c) by Larry Nelson (P.O. Box 1681, Cathedral
City, CA 92234 USA, nelsonlarry@juno.com) as found on the Internet in
differing copies.  In addition to converting his text to HTML, we did
correct a few typographical errors, based mostly on comparing the
various text versions we found, and took out all of the paragraph
marks (), which were not based on the Hebrew original.  We have
added signs for the paragraphs found in the original Hebrew:  In the
poetical books of Psalms, Job (aside from the beginning and end), and
Proverbs, each verse normallly starts on a new line; where there is a
new line within a verse, we added {N}, and when there is a blank line,
we added {P}.  In the rest of the books, we added {S} for setumah
(open space within a line) and {P} for petuHah (new paragraph on new
line) according to our Hebrew Bible).  We have not tried to reproduce
the complex structure of the special songs such as in Exodus 15 and
Deuteronomy 32, as we do not think that that would make sense in
English.

The Masoretic Hebrew Bible with vowels is our edition based on the
Aleppo Codex and other ancient manuscripts close to it

This HTML version is readable in Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 or
later on Win9x or later with Hebrew Support Package installed
(available from Windows Update).  For more info on Hebrew support,
see our:

http://www.mechon-mamre.org/tech.htm

This zip ordinarily unzips to a folder named pt ; to use the HTML
collection, open the pt0.htm file in the pt folder.

last updated:  6 January 2019

